These characters and carvings
are the work of my lifetime.
The more I study, the more...  The more I see, the more I understand.
Similar shapes are found on the stars above.  That was the
time I dedicated myself to becoming...  The
Call Seeker
As Farrow explained.  The characters are engraved.
Powerful and ancient.
And you can add it to your item.
To gain increased power
within this league, symbols are carved into the characters.  It
will give you a choice.
Between different characters.
Which you can use to enhance the potential of your items.
When you encounter the ruins of a civilization.
It will have between two and seven slots. The more
slots it has...  Encountering the ruins of civilization.  And it becomes even
more powerful.
And you'll have more options to choose from as well.
At the start of the game, you may need to
craft simple damage or resistance characters.
Available at lower levels.
These are the items you would normally encounter.  This will give
you a significant energy boost.
But these things quickly became interesting.
There are 22 characters used in...
Add or change ward characters.
New resources that protect you.  He
escaped death.
Using these characters.  It
allows you to add an extra layer of protection.
Or transform the rune ward into an offensive weapon.
With the Kalger rune skill.
And there are also 13 characters that offer power-ups.
Classified according to the type of weapon.
Like this character that makes the bomb explode.
There's a chance of a second explosion.
Or this character that grants a new buff called Druidong.
When you stun enemies hard, there
are also 22 characters that are designed differently.  It
gives you power even at low levels.
Like this character, which gives you a decent amount of elemental resistance.
Or perhaps this character possesses immense spiritual power.
These characters are designed to be powerful.
But its value decreases as you level up.
It's perfect for leveling up.  The
second character in the league.
In addition, we have six more characters.
Which can be used for expansion.  A
group of mods that are usable when you are crafting at a high level.
For example,  Insert the Darkness of Catla
into the gloves,
and it will open the crafting option.  A
new set of decay mods
that can be used in continuous damage builds.
Once you've entered this character,
use a regular Exalted or Chaos Orb
to try crafting new mods.  There are
many more characters.
That gives a powerful effect to items.
But it will remain stuck in the hole forever.  Like
this item, for example.  That makes any item possible.
There's one more suffix mod,
or this slot, that allows you to create jewel slots.
Or this set of characters?  A mod
that can transform one element into another.
In addition, there are characters that can be used.
Upgrade other characters.  This
allows you to upgrade to a higher level than before.  The
last character I want you to see is...
Alder's Legacy
Special characters that are inserted into the Kalger script.
Or use azomite to destroy it.
But it creates a new character with properties.
Some of the items are unique.
For example,
Enter this character into Trampletoe
to create the Trampletoe Legacy character.
Put it in any shoe.
Then it will be just like the original unique item.
You will deal 10% overload damage
to all enemies within a two-meter radius.
Or perhaps the legacy of Twisted Empyrean?
Destroy the Twisted Empyrean
and you'll deal additional ice damage.
Allocate maximum mana to any weapon.
Alder's legacy allows you to...  You can
create hundreds more characters.
Each one has its own unique effect.
At this point, you might be thinking that...  There are a lot of characters here, and that's
right, this is the
Runes of Aldur league.
But we don't want to discard any of the old characters.  Similarly, a
number of older characters
that are not often used will also be buffed.
This makes the crafting system significantly better.
Let's explore everything about characters.  See you
in the Return of the Ancients update on
May 30th!